Referenced library wrapper (#72)
arduino/arduino-pro-content: content/tutorials/portenta-h7/por-ard-gs/content.md

![Selecting the Arduino Portenta H7 (M7 core)](assets/por_gs_board_selection_pro_ide.png)

> **Optional:** We collect all the sketches from the tutorials in a library wrapper, you can find it at: *Tools -> Library Manager -> Arduino_Pro_Tutorials* or [download them from the repository](https://github.com/arduino-libraries/Arduino_Pro_Tutorials/releases).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Optional:** We collect all the sketches from the tutorials in a library which you can install from the Library Manager: **Tools -> Manage Libraries**. Search for 'Arduino_Pro_Tutorials' or download them from the [repository](https://github.com/arduino-libraries/Arduino_Pro_Tutorials/releases).
```

Reviewer: @marqdevx The tools menu doesn't have a 'Library Manager', at least not on macOS. Is this different on other OS'?

Author: My mistake, you push that button and then it opens the library manager, my brain shortcirtuit there hehe.
Thanks!
